README.md, before:

# Half

Half is a minimal functional programming language written in C++20 with a valid C99 API. It's based on untyped [lambda-calculus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lambda_calculus).

Everything is a function. To interact with the environment Half is using Church's booleans with the builtin function `:show`. It means you can only interact in binary with the computer.

Here is a program in Half that output "0" in the terminal:

```hl
# zero.hl

1 = \x.\y.x
0 = \x.\y.y

:show 0
:show 0
:show 1
:show 1
:show 0
:show 0
:show 0
:show 0
```

```bash
./half zero.hl
=> 0%
```

In Half there is only three things:
1. Values (eg: x, foo, bar, 15, ...)
2. Function declarator with `\`
3. Body (after a dot `.`), it can contain another function

To declare a function you need to use those three things: `x = \x.x`.

## Get started with Half

### Building Half

To build Half you need to have a C++20 compiler and Make installed.

If you do not use [Clang and Clang++](https://clang.llvm.org), please modify the Makefile to use your preferred compiler.

Then you can juste run `make` to build Half. It will produce three binary files in the `./dist` directory:
- `./dist/main` (from `./main.cpp`): the interactive shell
- `./dist/test` (from `./test.c`): a basic suite of tests
- `./dist/libhalf.o` (from `./libhalf.h` and `./libhalf.cpp`): the Half library

Then you can use Half how you want. Have fun!

Commit message:

interpreter is working fine; next: ':read' builtin and QBE based compiler

README.md, after:

# Half

Half is a minimal functional programming language written in C++20 with a valid C99 API. It's based on untyped [lambda-calculus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lambda_calculus).

Everything is a function. To make Half useful we need to have some impure functions. These functions are called "builtins". There are several builtins:
- `:show`: send a single bit to the terminal based on the Church's booleans it receives (0=false, 1=true)
- `:read` (not implemented yet): return to the program a Church's boolean based on the program call arguments.

It means a Half program is a pure function.

### Examples

Here is a program in Half that output "0" in the terminal:

```hl
# zero.hl

1 = \x.\y.x
0 = \x.\y.y

:show 0
:show 0
:show 1
:show 1
:show 0
:show 0
:show 0
:show 0
```

```bash
./half zero.hl
=> 0%
```

## Get started with Half

### Building Half

To build Half you need to have a [C++20](https://isocpp.org/) compiler and [Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) installed.

If you do not use [Clang and Clang++](https://clang.llvm.org), please modify the Makefile to use your preferred compiler.

Then you can juste run `make` to build Half. It will produce three binary files in the `./dist` directory:
- `./dist/main` (from `./main.cpp`): the interactive shell
- `./dist/test` (from `./test.c`): a basic suite of tests
- `./dist/libhalf.o` (from `./libhalf.h` and `./libhalf.cpp`): the Half library

Then you can use Half how you want. Have fun!
